Interactive Games for First Year BSc Computer Science Education

Overview of the Project
The COVID-19 pandemic has introduced a number of challenges to delivering university education.
The overall disruption caused has had a number of direct and indirect effects to first year 
university students, and the way the university monitors engagement. This project aims to develop
educational games which help beginners to learn basic Computer Science concepts, starting at a
basic level before moving on to more advanced concepts (feel free to select a module to focus on),
and to support the department in identifying students who are at risk and require additional support.

Client
The project is proposed by Dr John Drake who will act as your customer. This is not a project for
an external client, but “product” idea with the aim to create an attractive, usable system that
could be launched for use by our future students.

Constraints
The system must be something that students can play on their own devices.
It therefore probably needs to be available on mobile devices and/or laptops.
It can either be an app or a website.

Requirements
As this project will be managed through a product backlog there are no fixed requirements.
The stories for this project will be discovered and adjusted throughout.
However, an initial set of stories could be based on the following features.
These can be elaborated upon, split up, adjusted and added to. 
1.	Students can personalise a profile and login via email.
2.	Attempt to force entry locks account.
3.	Ability to set and change account password.
4.	Gamify the different components of the module (E.g., games can be multiple-choice selections, blocks of text
	could be made into puzzle pieces to put back together). Largely the mini games will be left up to your discretion.
5.	There should be a scoring system or leaderboard.
6.	Students can choose which section of the course they want to work on and will be given the choice of the games to play.
7.	Each of the mini games should take be no longer than 2 minutes to complete.
8.	For each mini game, it must be easy to add new scenarios, without editing the source code. 
9.	The system must be visually engaging and accessible for a range of students. 
10.	A student can complete an exercise more than once.
11.	Answers are only visible to admins, the logged in user & logged in user’s friends
12.	A user can create a mini-league of friends to compare results
13.	A user can see their score and the scores of their friends for each exercise they have completed
14.	Provide engagement and attainment monitoring and reporting to admin to help to identify at risk students.
15.	A print ability get PDF and paper copies of these reports for reference.
