Definition of Done (DoD):

•	Criteria of the User Story is met
•	Product Owner accepts the User Story.
•	Code is written for the feature and reviewed.
•	Bugs have been fixed and the User Story has been properly tested.
•	The User Story works on the desired platforms.
•	The User Story is cyber-secure.
•	Product Owner is happy with the results.
•	Requirements adjusted during development are met.

-----------------------------------------------------------

User Stories:

As a User of the system
I can login with email and password
So that I can see my profile and settings

As a User of the system
I can change my password
So that I have access to the system if I forget it

As a Student
I can see a scoreboard
So that I can see how I am doing

As a Student
I can add/see friends
So that I can view and compete against their scores

As a Student
I can engage in many minigames
So that I am entertained while interacting with the system

As a Student
I can repeat minigames multiple times
So that I can review material and engage with the system again

As a Student
I can get in game feedback
So that I can learn from my mistakes

As a member of Staff
I can monitor my student’s scores
So that I can identify students at risk

As a member of Staff
I can login
So that I can access my special privileges

As a member of Staff
I can retrieve a print copy of student’s results
To create a reference

As a User
I want to have access to central hub
So I can select minigames to play

-----------------------------------------------------------

Group Rules:
1.	Decisions should be made as a group.
2.	Be on time for all the meetings.
3.	Document the changes that you make.
4.	Maintain the GitLab project area.
5.	All group members should do an equal amount of work.
6.	All group members must understand the task that needs to be completed.
7.	Everyone should share the same responsibility of the tasks.
8.	Share ideas even if you think they are “bad” ideas.
9.	Keep on task during working hours.
10.	During scheduled meetings only one person will speak at one time.
11.	Members will alert the rest of the team about their progress.
12.	All meetings will follow an agenda planned before the meeting.
13.	Everyone should be honest throughout the project.
14.	The team will speak about their perspectives and experience not the other members.